Adding bucket options when creating one. (#7)
ambiata/helm-charts: charts/minio-manager/README.md

|:------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------|
|`minioAdminCredentials.secretName` *             | The name of the secret containing the admin credentials. By the default, the following fields need to be provided: `MINIO_ENDPOINT_URL`, `MINIO_SECRET_KEY`, `MINIO_ACCESS_KEY`, `MINIO_USE_SSL`. The name of the field can be override with `minioAdminCredentials.secretKeys`||
|`users`                                          | List of users that need to be added.                                       |[]                         |
|`users[i].userCredentialsSecret` *               | Name of the secret containing the user credentials                         |                            |
|`users[i].usernameSecretKey`                     | Key in the secret containing the user's username                           |username                    |
|`users[i].passwordSecretKey`                     | Key in the secret containing the user's password                           |password                    |

> |`users[i].policy`                                | Name of the policy to use. Can be a policy from the created one. Minio has `readonly`, `writeonly` and `readwrite` default policies applied for all buckets) |readonly |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`users[i].policy`                                | Name of the policy to use. Can be a policy from the created one. Minio has `readonly`, `writeonly` and `readwrite` default policies available for buckets) |readonly |
```
